[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
Mark Anthony is the
psychic lawyer and author
of the bestsellers,
"Never Letting Go"
and "The Evidence of Eternity."
Mark is a fourth
generation psychic medium
and Oxford-educated
trial lawyer who
has tried more than
300 jury trials,
and is a member of
the US Supreme Bar.
Mark, welcome to
"Beyond Belief."
>>MARK ANTHONY:
Thank you, George.
It's great to be here.
>>NOORY: What's new with
the trial lawyer who's
a psychic at the same time?
>>ANTHONY: I've got my
next book in the pipeline
and got a number of projects.
And it's great being
here on "Beyond Belief."
>>NOORY: What's the
next book called?
>>ANTHONY: Well, we have a
few different working titles.
So a publisher and I are going
back and forth on those right
now.
>>NOORY: All right.
Well, as we get into it,
I want people to actually
have a look at a video where
you explain exactly what you do.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>ANTHONY: I'm Mark
Anthony, and I'm
known as the psychic explorer.
I travel the paranormal,
mystical, and sacred sites
around the world.
It's overwhelming how
powerful this place is.
I'm also a trial attorney.
What could be scarier than a
lawyer who sees dead people?
And I seek evidence to
explain the unknown.
My whole left side, I feel
like someone's breaking my arm.
As a psychic medium, I must
provide evidence transmitted
to me by spirits to prove the
authenticity of the contact.
Whoo, now I'm getting
cold chills and tingles.
>>NOORY: How did
a psychic lawyer--
>>ANTHONY: How did that happen?
>>NOORY: Yeah, how did
this happen for you?
>>ANTHONY: Well,
both of my parents
have mediumistic
abilities, and it runs
in the family for generations.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>ANTHONY: And I was actually
very much considering
a career in the clergy, which
is not unusual for people
that are mediums.
We're drawn to the spiritual.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>ANTHONY: But I felt that it
would be too confining, too
many rules and
regulations, so I ended up
going into law instead, not
that there's too many rules
and regulations there.
>>NOORY: Right.
Big difference.
>>ANTHONY: Quite a bit.
>>NOORY: Did your
parents encourage you
to get into the psychic world?
>>ANTHONY: Actually, it
was such a fact of life--
when I was a child, they
wanted me to keep it quiet.
And they said, you can
talk about it to us,
but people outside of the
family won't understand.
>>NOORY: Or they'll think
you're strange or something.
>>ANTHONY: Yeah.
They think that you're strange.
And my father's
sister, Marjorie,
was an extremely
gifted psychic medium.
And the problem is her husband,
who was very religious,
felt that she was doing
the work of Satan.
And what would happen,
or what happened,
is she warned him about
going to work one day.
And he worked at a steel
plant in Pennsylvania.
And she didn't want him to go.
And he worked in this
machine shop there.
Well, that day,
George, a crane was
lifting thousands of
pounds of steel beams,
and the cable snapped, and it
flattened the machine shop,
killing everybody there.
So he would have been there.
And you think he would
have been grateful.
But instead, he felt that
she was doing evil work,
and he had her
involuntarily committed.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>ANTHONY: Yeah.
And they subjected her
to electroshock therapy
for over four months.
>>NOORY: Jeez.
That was cruel.
>>ANTHONY: Yeah, until she
never saw spirits again.
>>NOORY: They
forced her to stop.
>>ANTHONY: They
forced her to do this.
And that's how it was
looked at in those days.
So psychics and mediums have
been persecuted for centuries.
And so when I was a
little kid, my dad
didn't want that
happening to me.
>>NOORY: Right, and it
probably would have.
>>ANTHONY: It could have.
Now, it's openly discussed.
>>NOORY: You are no
longer a trial lawyer.
You decided to devote
your entire career
to the psychic realm.
But when you were, did you
use these psychic abilities
in any of your cases?
>>ANTHONY: It's part of
my skill set and who I am,
so it certainly did
come up, particularly
during jury selection, which is
the segment before we actually
begin putting
witnesses on the stand.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>ANTHONY: Both the
prosecution, defense,
or the plaintiff
and the defense,
get to ask the prospective
jurors questions
so we can narrow
down to make sure we
have a fair and impartial jury.
And that's where it really
started becoming very useful.
>>NOORY: So what
does a psychic lawyer
think about consciousness?
>>ANTHONY: Consciousness is the
energy of who and what we are.
In spiritual circles,
but in people of faith,
it's called the
soul or the spirit.
Consciousness is used by
philosophers, psychologists,
and scientists.
And that's the essence
of who we are--
our personality, individuality,
our likes, dislikes,
our observations.
And consciousness is eternal.
It's pure energy.
And what's fascinating,
George, about consciousness,
is that it is
capable of perception
beyond our five physical senses
of sight, hearing, taste,
smell, and touch.
Our consciousness is also
capable of perceiving
dimensions beyond our
physical material world.
>>NOORY: Why isn't science
dabbling with this?
>>ANTHONY: The interesting
thing is that neuroscience
is the study of the brain.
And the official position
of neuroscience, George,
is that consciousness
is created by chemical
reactions and electrical
impulses within the brain.
But they're completely at
a loss how to explain why.
In fact, if you read
a neuroscience book,
there will be 900
pages on functions
of the brain and maybe
two or three paragraphs
about consciousness.
And we have to instead
look at the brain
as what it is-- a
carbon-12 and salt
resonator floating in water.
So it's like a
computer hard drive.
And a hard drive on a computer
doesn't create the programs
on it or the data,
it merely hosts them.
And I believe it's the
same with our brain.
It does not create
consciousness,
it merely hosts it.
The consciousness pre-exist the
brain, comes into the brain.
And when the hard
drive brain crashes--
in other words, when we die--
it gets uploaded to
a higher frequency.
>>NOORY: As long as we
keep getting uploaded,
that's all that matters.
>>ANTHONY: As long as we
keep getting uploaded.
>>NOORY: What is
quantum paradigm?
>>ANTHONY: Quantum, well, first
off, with quantum physics,
people like to throw the
word around as a buzz phrase.
>>NOORY: Tough word too.
>>ANTHONY: Yeah.
And we know from
science that everything
is made of molecules,
which are made
of atoms, which are made
of electrons, protons,
and neutrons.
But on the most basic,
level everything
is composed of quanta, which
is pure electromagnetic energy.
So the most fundamental
building block of everything
in existence-- and that's you,
me, the air we're breathing,
the light, our planet, the
nuclear reactions in the sun--
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>ANTHONY: --everything
is electromagnetic energy.
And the quantum paradigm is that
we can leap from one dimension
to another.
>>NOORY: Instantly.
>>ANTHONY: Instantly.
You know, George, we all
have days where we don't feel
like we're all here, and
that's because we're not.
And if we look at the
Schwarzschild quantum lattice
theory-- back in the early 20th
century, Karl Schwarzschild,
good friend of Max Planck
and Albert Einstein--
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>ANTHONY: He theorized that
electrons would disappear
from one location,
appear in another,
without traversing
the matter in between.
Now this has been
recreated in laboratories.
So subatomic
particles are quantum
leaping to another
dimension all the time.
>>NOORY: That's amazing.
>>ANTHONY: Well, it is.
And if you take the energy
that's in our brain, our soul,
particles of that-- because
it's electromagnetic energy--
are quantum leaping to
this other dimension.
And now, George, we know
from quantum entanglement
that when two subatomic
particles go apart,
they remain
connected, entangled.
And something that
happens to one
immediately happens
to the other,
even if, as scientists theorize,
they're a billion miles apart.
>>NOORY: That is dramatic.
On the "Mystery
Teachings" Gaia show,
physicist Dr. Theresa Bullard
talks about this paradigm.
>>THERESA BULLARD: Let's take
a look at these two paradigms--
Newtonian versus quantum--
and how they differ.
The Newtonian paradigm
is based upon the ideas
of determinism, separatism,
reductionism, and materialism.
In essence, this
says that everything
can be isolated and reduced
to its individual parts, which
must function in a linear,
logical, clockwork way.
It says that things should be
predictable and controllable.
And it cuts us off
from spirit and choice.
And it encourages separation,
which fuels ego and greed.
We don't need to look far to
see how this old paradigm has
led to a world out of balance.
What about the quantum paradigm?
What is it?
And can it help us
improve our situation?
In a quantum view, things are
complementary, contextual,
conscious, and connected.
These quantum principles
turn the Newtonian paradigm
completely on its head.
Now while strange and
exotic, quantum theory
is the most successful physics
theory we have to date.
We live in a quantum
universe, from the smallest
of particles to the
largest structures
of intergalactic space.
Quantum principles underlie
everything in our universe.
We, too, are quantum beings.
One of the most exciting
and promising aspects
of quantum physics
is that it says
that the universe
is participatory,
meaning our choices matter.
Even our thoughts matter.
>>NOORY: Mark, break
down what she just said.
>>ANTHONY: Well,
first, we have to look
at Newtonian reductionism.
Sir Isaac Newton, he's
one of the superstars
of the Enlightenment.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>ANTHONY: Brilliant guy.
>>NOORY: Way before his time.
>>ANTHONY: Way before his time.
In fact, during the
Great Plague of 1665,
he self-quarantined, and he
put his time to good use.
He invented calculus,
the laws of optics,
and the laws of motion.
>>NOORY: By self-quarantine.
>>ANTHONY: By self-quarantine.
>>NOORY: I should learn that.
>>ANTHONY: But he felt
that everything could just
be reduced to a miniaturized
version of itself.
But you can't blame
Sir Isaac for that,
because he didn't have the
benefit of 21st century
technology, which could take us
to the subatomic level, which
is now quanta.
Because I'm pretty
certain that if Newton
had the technology
of today and was
able to make the discovery
that everything on the most
basic level is
electromagnetic energy,
then he would have
agreed with this.
Because everything
is interconnected.
And that's what I
was discussing about
with quantum entanglement,
that you, me, everything
is connected through
electromagnetic energy.
And this is something that
Albert Einstein was talking
about, that there is no matter.
There's only energy
which vibrates
at different
frequencies so as to be
perceptible to the senses.
So when we hear from all
the great spiritual teachers
about how we're all brothers
and sisters, how we're all
interconnected, they
were absolutely right,
because we are on that
basic electromagnetic level.
>>NOORY: That's
fascinating work.
Now when you deal
with this ability,
how does that enhance
your psychic abilities?
How does that work?
>>ANTHONY: With disability?
>>NOORY: Your psychic abilities.
>>ANTHONY: Oh, when I work
with my psychic abilities.
>>NOORY: You have no
disabilities, do you?
>>ANTHONY: You know, we all
have disabilities somewhere.
I can talk to dead
people, but don't
ask me to change the
water pump in your car.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>ANTHONY: OK.
>>NOORY: Got that right.
>>ANTHONY: This completely
ties into psychic abilities.
I refer to our soul as
the electromagnetic soul,
because that's a 21st
century term to describe who
and what we really are--
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>ANTHONY: --which is
pure consciousness that is
eternal electromagnetic energy.
And so when I open up my
brain to higher frequencies,
think of our world as AM radio,
the other side as FM radio.
And I'm bringing up my
brainwave frequency out of AM,
spirits are lowering
their frequency from FM,
we get a frequency match.
Once again, we're
interconnected.
It's merely an alignment
of frequencies,
and it's all based
on quantum physics.
>>NOORY: Biophotons,
what are they?
>>ANTHONY: Biophotons
are fascinating.
Have you ever dropped
something on your foot,
like a bowling ball,
and immediately, you
know that it hurts?
>>NOORY: It hurts.
>>ANTHONY: And it hits our
brain, and it's so fast.
>>NOORY: Stub your little toe.
>>ANTHONY: Absolutely.
And we know that
it's not chemical
because that would
take too long.
And our nervous system
uses electricity,
so it's moving at
the speed of light.
Well, biophotons are ultra
weak photon emissions
within our individual cells.
And they were first
discovered back in 1923
by Alexander
Gurwitsch in Russia.
And now we know that our
cells emit flashes of light,
and they communicate
with each other.
In fact, in 2012, "MIT
Technology Review"
issued a report
indicating that biophotons
are the basis of
cellular communications.
And it's amazing because
Albert Einstein once
said that we are
all beings of light.
Well, he was correct,
because now we
know, on a cellular level, that
we communicate through flashes
of light, and therefore,
our body is, in essence,
a matrix of light.
>>NOORY: How did they know we
had biophotons in the 1920s?
How did they know this?
>>ANTHONY: Well,
Alexander Gurwitsch
was way ahead of his time.
And he started looking at these
through intense microscopes.
And now, with the
electron microscope,
which any
self-respecting lab has--
>>NOORY: Or did we
have it in 1920?
I don't think so.
>>ANTHONY: I don't believe
that they had this then.
>>NOORY: No.
>>ANTHONY: And so it was
looked at as junk science,
pseudoscience, and
it was a theory.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>ANTHONY: But Gurwitsch
stuck to his guns.
But now we do know
that this exists.
And the thing is, George, it's
different than bioluminescence,
like a firefly.
Firefly, and there are certain
types of fish, they glow.
Biophotons are ultra
weak photon emissions,
which are invisible to the
naked eye, but they still exist.
And they form the basis
of cellular communication,
not just in humans and
animals, but also in plants.
In fact, in the last
few years, scientists
have found out that it
appears that plants,
particularly trees, even
of different species,
seem to be communicating when
their roots systems touch
each other, and it all
comes back to biophotons.
>>NOORY: When we die, we
leave our physical bodies.
>>ANTHONY: Yes.
>>NOORY: But what happens
when we die, in your opinion?
>>ANTHONY: Energetically, what
happens is the electromagnetic
soul--
the who and what we are
enshrined in our body--
transfers from, quantum
leaps from the material world
to the other side.
Now the other side,
which I also refer to as
the collective consciousness--
>>NOORY: Right.
>>ANTHONY: --is think of
your soul as a drop of water.
So when you die, that drop
of water leaves your brain
and plunges into the
eternal sea of souls.
I call it the collective
consciousness because the EMS--
electromagnetic
soul-- is connected
to other souls,
connected to other souls,
connected to other souls.
So it's this infinite
vast database.
We've all heard the
euphemistic saying,
we're all cells in
the body of God.
Well, this is what that is.
And so when we die, we
quantum leap from this world
into the collective
consciousness.
And that's why, when
communicating with spirits,
many times, a spirit will come
through and provide information
that far exceeded anything that
he or she knew in this world.
That's because they're patched
into this cosmic internet.
>>NOORY: Mark, you've heard
of the mentalist Uri Geller.
Well, he talks a little
bit about the energy
within the human body.
Let's watch.
>>URI GELLER: Albert Einstein,
1924, spoken about this,
comes up with this amazing
scientific equation--
e equals MC squared--
where Albert Einstein proves
to the world scientifically
that everything is
made from energy.
Even this chair is energy.
It's vibrating certain frequency
that to us feels solid.
But he also proves that
energy cannot be destroyed.
So if Albert Einstein proved
scientifically that energy
cannot be destroyed, the
question must be asked, OK,
we're energy, so what
happens when we die?
So you can't kill the energy.
What happens to our spirit?
What happens to our soul?
What happens to our mind energy?
And I very simply
believe that when
we die, our energy,
our spirit, our soul,
leaves our body, like
the tens of thousands
of stories you have
from millions of people
around the world, that
they left their body,
they weren't ready to die, and
they came back to the body.
They went through the tunnel
of light, and the music,
and there were
just about to enter
that other side, the realm,
heaven, paradise, call
it whatever, and they were
drawn back into their body.
There are millions of stories
of spirits communicating
with their loved ones--
dogs, cats, animals, humans,
children.
I mean, come on.
It's a fact that people
accept that ghosts do exist.
>>NOORY: I would assume
you would agree with Uri.
>>ANTHONY: I don't find anything
that I disagree with him.
He was right on point.
>>NOORY: Now with the energy
that exists after we die,
where does it go?
>>ANTHONY: Well, that's the
collective consciousness.
And it's a dimension
that's parallel to ours.
According to string theory,
there's more than one universe.
And within universes, there
are several dimensions.
And that's why I like to use
the analogy of AM and FM radio.
They're two systems that
coincide side by side.
They are both based on
energy and frequency.
>>NOORY: I happen to
be on both, by the way.
>>ANTHONY: I know that.
And so let's say you're
listening to "Coast to Coast
AM," but it's broadcast on an
FM station in certain markets.
>>NOORY: That happens.
>>ANTHONY: So, see?
The frequencies overlap.
And that's exactly it, is that
Albert Einstein was correct,
as Uri Geller said,
that there is no matter.
There's just energy
which vibrates
at different frequencies.
And also, Uri was
quoting, I believe
it's the second law
of thermodynamics,
that energy can neither
be created nor destroyed,
only transferred from
one form to another.
>>NOORY: That's correct.
And it moves on.
Now what are the ghosts?
When he mentioned ghosts,
we all believe in ghosts--
what's happening with that?
This is energy coming back?
What is it?
>>ANTHONY: Well, there's
three schools of thought
on what a ghost is.
One is that it's a
spirit that immediately
transfers to the
other side, and that's
the school I subscribe to.
Then there are people who
feel that ghosts are somehow
trapped here, ergo hauntings.
I don't necessarily
subscribe to that theory.
And the third is
that a place that
is haunted or very strong
with the force, if you will,
is actually a
residual energy echo.
In other words, if you
go to a place that's--
well, from my own
experience, when I went
to Dachau Concentration Camp.
When I was 19, I was
visiting Germany,
and I was with a bunch
of college friends,
and we're a bit hung over.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>ANTHONY: And I wasn't
prepared for what happened.
And when I walked into the
concentration camp, all
of a sudden, I found
myself surrounded
by all these shrieking spirits.
>>NOORY: You could feel it.
>>ANTHONY: And I could
see the striped garb.
And I remember, I collapsed on
my knees, and I was shaking.
And one of my friends,
he was from my hometown,
and he kind of knew
about my family and all
that, and he goes,
all right, buddy,
we're getting out of here.
And he just pulled me
up and got me on a bus.
He goes, look, dude, I
don't know what happened,
but something happened.
I don't believe that those
spirits are trapped there.
But when something intensely
traumatic happens in an area,
it creates an energy echo.
So it's no more
a sentient spirit
than your reflection
in a mirror is you.
And that's why people that
do clearings, or exorcisms,
or whatever, of a
particular place,
they're essentially
breaking that echo,
deflecting the energy off.
Because based on the thousands
of readings I've done--
George, at this
point in my life,
I've done readings for
over 15,000 people.
And in each reading,
particularly the one-on-ones,
at least six to seven
spirits per person
comes through, oftentimes,
more than that.
>>NOORY: That's a lot.
>>ANTHONY: Yeah, so maybe
100,000, 200,000 spirits
I've communicated with.
They know full well, the second
they are done with this body,
they revert to a purely
energetic eternal state,
and they're aware of it.
That's why I don't believe
ghosts are trapped here.
>>NOORY: What is the
electromagnetic soul, the EMS?
>>ANTHONY: Yes, the EMS.
We are eternal consciousness.
And if you look at all the great
spiritual teachers from Krishna
through Moses, Buddha,
Jesus, Muhammad, Yogananda
Paramahansa, Saint
Francis of Assisi,
the Native American teachers,
all the great belief systems
teach us that the soul--
who and what we are-- pre-exist
the body, comes into the body,
moves on after the body dies.
And like we were
just discussing,
energy is neither
created nor destroyed,
only transferred from
one form to another.
So based on my research,
I developed the term
the electromagnetic soul to
describe who and what we really
are, which is pure
consciousness, which is
eternal electromagnetic energy.
>>NOORY: It's all energy.
>>ANTHONY: Ergo the
electromagnetic soul.
>>NOORY: Which is
terminal lucidity.
What is that?
>>ANTHONY: Terminal
lucidity occurs in about 10%
of the cases, where somebody is
completely nonresponsive prior
to death, could be due to
brain damage, Alzheimer's,
meningitis strokes.
They are not responsive at
all, and their condition
is terminal.
And then right before
they die, George,
usually in the last few
minutes, they wake up,
and they recognize
people around them.
>>NOORY: And things
and stuff like that.
>>ANTHONY: And things.
And they're completely
lucid and coherent.
And this term,
terminal lucidity,
was developed by Michael Nahm,
who's a German neurobiologist.
>>NOORY: I have always thought
about the deathbed discussion
of Steven Jobs, Apple Computer.
And his last words were
like, oh, wow, oh, wow.
>>ANTHONY: Yes.
>>NOORY: Oh, wow.
Sam Kinison, the comedian
who died in a tragic car
crash going back between LA and
Vegas, was petrified of dying
and didn't want to die.
But right at the
moment of death,
in front of eyewitnesses, he
went, oh, OK, OK, and died.
What is that?
>>ANTHONY: That's known
as a deathbed vision.
And a deathbed vision is when
somebody who is actively dying,
all of a sudden,
their frequency aligns
with the frequency
of the other side,
and they're able to
perceive spirits.
>>NOORY: It's real, isn't it?
>>ANTHONY: It is real.
The scientists who
study this, George,
they are convinced that
it's not a hallucination.
I, myself, have observed this
on a number of occasions.
Because in my
capacity as a medium,
I'm often called to the bedside
of people who are dying.
And I can assure you it is real.
They are actually
seeing the spirits
who are coming to welcome them.
>>NOORY: Not a
hallucination by any means.
>>ANTHONY: It is
not a hallucination.
>>NOORY: Near-death
experiences--
we have heard lots of them.
>>ANTHONY: Yes, we have.
>>NOORY: Eben
Alexander, the things
that Raymond Moody talks about.
What's your take on those?
>>ANTHONY: Near-death
experiences are real.
I had one when I
was four years old.
>>NOORY: You did?
What happened?
>>ANTHONY: I did.
It's a fairly lengthy
story, so I'll
give you the condensed version.
>>NOORY: Give me
the Cliff version.
>>ANTHONY: The CliffNotes.
I had a real bad blood
infection from impetigo, called
septicemia, and I went into
cardiopulmonary failure.
>>NOORY: Oh my god.
>>ANTHONY: And my
mother was frantic.
And she ran outside and started
screaming, my baby's dying.
And our neighbor just
happened to be a fireman,
and he runs across the
street, starts doing--
>>NOORY: He pumped you.
>>ANTHONY: Yeah, he
starts doing compressions
just as an ambulance pulls
up, because my sister called
an ambulance.
On the way to the hospital,
they slammed the door,
and the ventilator hose
got caught in the door,
so then I stopped breathing,
and I went into cardiac arrest.
And so my mother was in
the ambulance with them,
and they said, we've
got to get this open.
And she said, I'll do it.
So the paramedic's holding
onto the gurney that I'm on.
He's holding onto
my mom's waistband.
She pries the door of the
ambulance open, gets her foot
and yanks it in.
>>NOORY: Gets the--
>>ANTHONY: And meanwhile,
I get catapulted out
of the ambulance.
I'm seeing it going
down the highway.
And all of a sudden, I go
into this bright white light,
and there's these people there.
And the thing is, George,
the looked translucent,
like a clear version of people.
And they glowed
from the inside out.
And they were really nice to me.
And I wasn't afraid of them.
And then they said, you're
going to be OK, Mark.
You're going to be OK.
And then I heard and saw
an even brighter light.
And I heard the words,
"eternal light, eternal life."
Then I hear, "clear," and
I'm back in the ambulance
because they hit me
with defibrillator pads,
and they shocked me, I
guess, out of the other side.
>>NOORY: Jarring
feeling, isn't it?
>>ANTHONY: It was.
And later in the hospital,
they were hitting me
with heavy duty IV antibiotics.
And when I came out of
it, I remember asking
my parents, what is eternal?
And I remember mom and
dad looking at each other.
And what I didn't
realize, at that point,
my dad, years
before, had not one
but two near-death experiences.
And then when I was a teenager--
>>NOORY: So they knew
what was going on.
>>ANTHONY: Yeah, this has
been part of my family.
And so what happens is in an
NDE, a near-death experience,
your electromagnetic
soul leaves your body,
and it touches that higher
frequency of the other side.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>ANTHONY: And
you will encounter
deceased loved ones,
the divine power,
dare I say the word "God,"
and then you return.
And since the dawn
of recorded history,
there have been accounts
of these resurrections,
where people who died and then
came back to tell about it.
Hippocrates in Ancient
Greece wrote about this.
Plutarch in Ancient
Rome recorded these.
And they're very
real experiences.
>>NOORY: Dr. Raymond Moody,
who we just mentioned,
of course, talks about
shared death experiences.
>>RAYMOND MOODY: Very
commonly, at the scene
where somebody is dying, and
the family members are assembled
around the bed, as the person
in the bed passes away,
the bystanders themselves
have experiences
that are identical
to those that are
reported to us by people
who are resuscitated
after almost dying.
For example, the
bystander may say
that as the person
in the bed dies,
they see something
leave the body.
And this is very often
described as a light,
like a globular,
grayish, golden light.
I hear this very often from
physicians, for example.
Then other people
at the bedside may
say that as the individual
in the bed dies,
the bystander themselves
say that they leave
their physical
bodies, and they feel
that they go part way
with their dying loved
one toward this light.
And then at a
certain point, they
come back and rejoin their body,
and their loved one goes on.
Or people may say that
as the person dies,
the light fills the room, like
this amazing, bright light.
Or people will say that
they see apparitions
of the dying person's
dead relatives and friends
come into the room as though to
escort the dying person away.
And another very
common thing I hear
is that the geometry of
the room shifts in some way
that they find
impossible to describe.
I hear people say, for
example, that they suddenly
realized that they were looking
at something in the room
from an impossible angle,
or that they couldn't
see the geometrical
markers in the room,
like the walls and such.
>>NOORY: He is so
efficient when it
comes to near-death
experiences, isn't he?
>>ANTHONY: Oh, Raymond
Moody, he's a great guy.
>>NOORY: He's the best.
>>ANTHONY: He's awesome.
>>NOORY: And he makes it
so understandable too.
>>ANTHONY: Absolutely, he does.
I've witnessed shared death
experiences a number of times.
And what happens is the
electromagnetic soul
is in the process of
transferring from this side
to the other side.
And with this frequency
alignment, bystanders,
which can be close friends
and family, but also
hospice workers,
health care providers,
they start getting
caught up, and they
begin to observe what the
dying person is experiencing.
>>NOORY: What are
spirit contacts?
What is that?
>>ANTHONY: Spirit
contacts all involve
the electromagnetic
soul, but they're
all different forms of
interdimensional communication.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>ANTHONY: Where we are raising
the vibrational frequency
of our brain to align with the
frequency of the other side.
And spirit contacts can
be where you have a dream,
and a deceased loved
one comes through.
And that's because when
you go from the beta state,
that we're in right now--
>>NOORY: Right.
>>ANTHONY: And there's
four different types
of brain wave frequencies.
You go from beta,
to alpha, to theta,
and then delta is
much, much lower.
But on the alpha-theta border,
your brain wave frequency
is conducive to the alignment
with the other side.
And that's why the
most popular form
of interdimensional
communication
is in the dream state.
And you'll know it,
because it feels real.
For some reason, people like
me can voluntarily do this,
and scientists still
haven't figured that out.
But also, when people
encounter places
that are very mystical
and spiritual.
Or perhaps, all of a
sudden, you do see, or feel,
or hear the spirit of
a deceased loved one.
We're all capable of
these experiences.
It doesn't mean
everyone's a medium.
But everyone is capable of
having mediumistic experience.
>>NOORY: And are there different
ways of spirit contact,
different forms?
>>ANTHONY: Oh, absolutely.
There's through a medium.
There is when a spirit
connects with you directly.
Those are all what I
call frequency beacons.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>ANTHONY: Once again, we're all
energetically interconnected.
And think of everyone that
you know, both on this side
and on the other
side, being part
of a three-dimensional
spiderweb.
And if you're
grieving somebody, you
send a vibration
along that tether.
Spirit picks up on it, and the
spirit will be drawn to you.
Conversely, you
may be driving down
the road, and all
of a sudden, you're
compelled to turn on the
radio, and on a commercial,
during "Coast to
Coast AM," they're
playing this song that makes you
think of that person you love.
>>NOORY: That's right.
That's right.
That happens all the time.
>>ANTHONY: Happens to all of us.
>>NOORY: Would
this be considered
interdimensional communication?
>>ANTHONY: Absolutely.
These are all forms of
interdimensional communication.
People tend to think of the
collective consciousness,
the other side, as being some
distant, nebulous destination,
when actually, vibrationally
and energetically, it
runs parallel to our universe.
>>NOORY: Very similar to what
Dr. Randy Veitenheimer talks
about on the Gaia
program, "Undisclosed."
>>RANDY VEITENHEIMER:
As we expand on out,
they can enter into
areas that are populated,
is what I refer to it.
So that each of the
dimensional categories
can have their own rules, their
own laws, their own existences,
their own populations, their
own deities, their own humans,
if that's what you want to
use, or their own animals,
the whole thing.
And again, this has been
referred to through mythology,
through Native
American teachings,
and that is an awareness of the
extension of reality into areas
that we may not have
scientific method to validate.
And I love that
because they may not
be able to be validated
scientifically,
but it doesn't mean
they don't exist.
>> It might be from
another dimension,
the eighth dimension, or
whatever number you want to put
on it.
But once it comes
here, it has to fall
under the three-dimensional
laws and rules of our dimension.
So it has to take that
form, wouldn't you say?
>>RANDY VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
And more importantly,
it would have
to take on the laws
of our perception.
So we're not receptive
to ultraviolet
and a few other extensions
of the electromagnetic field,
but it doesn't mean there's
not existence there.
So when you see things
you can't explain,
the idea is that somehow you
have either traversed outward,
or they have traversed inward,
to the point that there
is a point of contact.
And mythology-wise, they used
to call it the veil is lifted.
There's just all
these references
about where people
have knowledge
of things that don't have
physical existence as we
know it.
It doesn't mean that they don't
exist with some physicality,
because all consciousness,
once it manifests,
has some physicality to it,
even if it's just photonic,
even if it's just an electron.
>> Right.
>>RANDY VEITENHEIMER:
So we don't
think about electrons
or subatomic particles
as having consciousness, but
if they have a reality to them,
they have consciousness,
or consciousness
exists within them.
So now, the same thing if
we were going to venture out
in the universe,
is why wouldn't we
expect to see things that
are physical in nature,
and at the same time, why
would we be blind to the fact
that it's much more
than we can perceive
with our current
level of receptors
that our physical
bodies are capable of?
>>NOORY: I'm amazed, Mark, how
many truly magnificent experts
there are out there in
these fields, like him.
>>ANTHONY: Well, the
truth is the truth.
And there's such an
overlap because those of us
who study the other
side and the afterlife,
we begin to see that it all
comes down to quantum physics.
And I've never felt
that faith and science
are mutually exclusive.
To me, the ultimate
objective of science
is the discovery of God.
>>NOORY: People
who don't believe--
they don't believe in
near-death experiences,
mediums, they don't believe
in the psychic realm--
do you try to reach them?
What do you say to them?
>>ANTHONY: It's funny,
because I've done readings
for people who didn't
believe, and when they left,
they definitely believe.
A funny story.
I was doing a reading
for this lady,
and she brought
a friend of hers.
And her friend sat there the
whole time, all bottled up.
And I call that the
no, no, no syndrome.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>ANTHONY: It's where
you reject everything.
And it's like deflector
shield technology, which
Boeing has actually patented.
It's no longer just for
"Star Wars" or "Star Trek."
>>NOORY: Really?
>>ANTHONY: Yeah.
Both the US, UK militaries are
developing deflector shields
to protect tanks and
military equipment.
NASA, the European
Space Agency, and others
are working on developing
electromagnetic barriers
around spacecraft to deflect
debris and harmful radiation.
>>NOORY: Well, that's smart.
>>ANTHONY: Yeah, because
radiation is another form
of electromagnetic energy.
So if you go into
spirit communication
with "I don't believe, I don't
believe," or "no, no, no,"
or you're so overcome with
grief, without meaning to,
you're raising a
deflector shield.
And what we have to do
is bring those down.
So I was doing a
reading for this woman.
And all of a sudden, it was at
the very end of the reading,
and I said, your
father's here, and he's
imitating Woody Woodpecker,
and he's going, guess who?
Doo doo doo doo doo, like that.
>>NOORY:
[WOODY WOODPECKER LAUGH]
>>ANTHONY: Exactly.
So the woman I'm
doing the reading
for goes, that doesn't make
any sense to me at all.
Well, the lady sitting next
to her who's all bottled up,
tears shoot out of her eyes.
She goes, oh my god.
>>NOORY: It was her father.
>>ANTHONY: It was her father.
When I was a little
girl, he tucked me in,
closed the door, then he'd
always open and go, guess who?
Doo doo doo doo doo.
She sent me more clients
than you can imagine.
>>NOORY: She was a believer.
>>ANTHONY: Absolutely.
Because she had the experience
without expecting it.
And how could I possibly
make something like that up?
>>NOORY: Do a lot of people
reject this belief system?
>>ANTHONY: There's always going
to be people who reject things.
And they call what we're
delving into here junk
science or pseudoscience.
But what we have to
remember, George,
is that the science
fiction of today
often becomes the scientific
reality of tomorrow.
In 1926, Nikola Tesla
gave an interview.
And he said, one day, the entire
world will be a gigantic brain,
and we'll be able to
see and hear each other,
and communicate with each other
on a device small enough to fit
in a man's breast pocket.
>>NOORY: He was a genius,
no question about it.
>>ANTHONY: He was a genius.
And you know, what's
so funny about that
is scientists of the day
called it junk science.
They made fun of him.
But today, a cell phone
is a reality of our life.
And I like something that
astrophysicist Neil deGrasse
Tyson said.
"The beauty of
science is that you
don't have to believe
it for it to be true."
>>NOORY: Exactly.
What message would you like to
impart on the world right now?
>>ANTHONY: If I had
any message for people,
it's that the divine power
that we call God exists,
the afterlife exists.
Our soul, our
electromagnetic soul,
is an immortal living being
that we can communicate
with the electromagnetic soul.
And that we will be
reunited with our loved ones
when it is our appointed
time to enter the light.
>>NOORY: How do our
viewers find Mark Anthony?
>>ANTHONY:
evidenceofeternity.com,
same as my book,
"Evidence of Eternity."
It's the same as my website--
evidenceofeternity.com.
>>NOORY: Mark, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>ANTHONY: Thank you, George.
A pleasure.
God bless.
>>NOORY: I've known
Mark Antony for years.
He's been on "Coast
to Coast," the radio
show with me, for years.
And folks who call
in just love him.
He's a psychic lawyer,
but he's the real deal.
I'm Georgia Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."